okay so there are two ways to test your
app on your phone
one is through Xcode by plugging your
phone into your computer and selecting
your device instead of the emulator and
this is great for testing during
development however if you're going once
you're getting closer to tripping your
app you should consider creating an
archive of your app which is a dot IPA
file and installing that on your device
for testing this gives you the same
experience your users will have when
they download the app from the App Store
and this can sometimes be different than
what you were seeing when you were doing
it straight from Xcode or in the
emulator so it's important to do I
recently went through this process on my
latest app called touch screen text
which you can find on the App Store now
the link is below in the description but
anyway
so to do this to create this archive
file in Xcode and you need to have the
emulator set to iOS device when you do
this so you go product archive and after
it builds the archive organizer should
open select distribute well first you
know select the the latest on archive
which should be the top one and sure to
be selected then select distribute and
ad hoc distribution
actually then you're going to select the
provisioning profile for this app you
will have to have created a distribution
provisioning profile if you haven't done
that already I'm going to have a video
that shows you how to do that I'll put
that in the description as well then you
save the IPA file somewhere you will
remember on your desktop or somewhere
like that then you're going to connect
your device to the computer go ahead and
open up iTunes once iTunes is opened up
you're going to come to a screen that
looks like this click on the name of
your device which should be in the top
right corner okay and then you're going
to go to file add to library and when
the dialog box comes up you're going to
select the dot IPA file that you just
created in Xcode
the one that I mentioned you probably
should save your desktop okay and then
in iTunes you can go to the app section
of your device and you can select sync
well you'll see first of all I should
mention you should see the app that you
the IPA that you just selected in the
top left-hand corner there other apps to
sync and then you can get and select
sync and the app should install on your
device might take a minute or two while
of the syncing process happens and
that's it hopefully you found this
helpful it's definitely something that
you should do before you publish your
app to the App Store thanks